Home Page:
Login or register:
Create two buttons that will allow the user to choose between register and login.

Login Page:
Create a textfield to ask for the SIN
Create a textfield to ask for FirstName
Create a button for login
Write backend service/ query to check if user already exist and correct credentials firstname+SIN is entered. If successful redirect user to appropriate user page. For example if the user is a manager redirect user to Manager page.

Register Page:
Create a text field for each attribute of users as per design.
Create a “Register” button
Have a dropdown box for the ISA relation and add text field depending on the role selected
Check at the backend to make sure the user is not already created. 
Check if all values in the textboxes are valid. Have a button for registering users.
Write the Insert query to ensure user registration in the backend in the users and appropriate user entity
If the above query and backend service is successful, redirect the user to the appropriate user page. For example if the user is a manager redirect user to Manager page

Other User Page: 
Create a button to navigate to “Maintenance request” page
Create a button to navigate to “Events” Page
Create a button to navigate to “Rooms and buildings” 
Create a button to navigate to “Maintain Maintenance request” page.

Staff Member Page:
Create a button to navigate to “Maintenance requests”
Create a button to navigate to “Events” Page
Create a button to navigate to “Rooms and buildings” Page
Create a button to navigate to “Service Contract” page
Create a button to navigate to “Maintain Maintenance requests Page”
Create a button to navigate to “Maintain Service Contracts” page

Manager Page:
Create a button to navigate to “Maintenance request page”
Create a button to navigate to “Events” Page
Create a button to navigate to “Rooms and Buildings” Page
Create a button to navigate to “Budgets” Page
Create a button to navigate to “Maintain Maintenance requests Page”
Create a button to navigate to “Maintain Budgets” Page
Create a button to navigate to “Devices” Page
Create a button to navigate to “Maintain Devices” Page
Create a button to navigate to “Budget Report” Page

Event Organizer Page:
Create a button to navigate to “Maintenance requests”
Create a button to navigate to “Events” Page
Create a button to navigate to “Rooms and buildings” Page
Create a button to navigate to “Maintain Maintenance requests Page”
Create a button to navigate to “Maintain Events” page

Maintain Maintenance Request Page:
Create textbox for each maintenance request attribute as per design
Have a dropdown box to choose whether we are creating a maintenance request or editing an existing one or deleting one. If edit is selected, an additional text field is created to specify the maintenanceRequestID and also for delete.
Create a appropriate button to carry out the create/ edit/ delete functionality. If edit is selected, the program finds the instance in the database and updates all attributes, if new is selected, add the instance to the database. Program checks for validity of values in the textfield. If delete is selected then the maintenance request is deleted upon verification for any dangling references

Maintenance Request Page:
A window to view all existing maintenance requests created by user
Have different attributes shown on the UI as per design
Write backend service/ query to show all the maintenance requests
Have a filter button to filter by severity, status and date
Write backend service/ query to retrieve based on the selected filter

Events Page:
View all events with all the required information as per design.
Write backend services/ query to show all the events.
Have a filter button to filter by event type, event cost and date
Write backend service. Query to retrieve based on the selected filter

Maintain Events Page:
Create textbox for each events attribute as per design
Have a dropdown box to choose whether we are creating a event or editing an existing one or deleting one. If edit is selected, additional textfield is created to specify the eventsID and also for delete.
Create a appropriate button to carry out the create/ edit/ delete functionality. If edit is selected, the program finds the instance in the database and update all attributes, if new is selected, add the instance to the database. Program checks for validity of values in the textfield. If delete is selected then the event is deleted upon verification for any dangling references

Maintain Service Contract Page:
Create textbox for service contract attribute as per design
Have a dropdown box to choose whether we are creating a service contract or editing an existing one or deleting one. If edit is selected, an additional text field is created to specify the serviceContractID and also for delete.
Create an appropriate button to carry out the create/ edit/ delete functionality. If edit is selected, the program finds the instance in the database and updates all attributes, if new is selected, add the instance to the database. Program checks for validity of values in the textfield. If delete is selected then the service contract is deleted upon verification for any dangling references

Service Contract Page:
View all service contracts with all the required information as per design.
Write backend services/ query to show all the service contracts.
Have a filter button to filter by company, maintenance request ID.
Write backend service. Query to retrieve based on the selected filter

Room and Building Page:
View all rooms with room number, capacity and building name and electronic equipment as per design.
Write backend services/ query to show all the rooms and building page
Have a filter button to filter by electronic equipment, location, capacity
Write backend service/ query to retrieve based on the selected filter

Budget Page: 
View all budgets with all the required information as per design
Write backend services/ query to show all the budgets
Have a filter button to filter by amount or any tuple for which amount limit > amount
Write backend service/ query to retrieve based on the selected filter

Maintain Budget Page:
Create textbox for budget attributes as per design
Have a dropdown box to choose whether we are creating a budget or editing an existing one or deleting one. If edit is selected, an additional text field is created to specify the budget and also for delete.
Create an appropriate button to carry out the create/ edit/ delete functionality. If edit is selected, the program finds the instance in the database and updates all attributes, if new is selected, add the instance to the database. Program checks for validity of values in the textfield. If delete is selected then the budget is deleted upon verification for any dangling references

Devices Page:
View all existing electronic equipment with all the required information as per design. 
Write backend services/query to show all electronic equipments
Have a filter button to filter by expired date, warranty, energy rate, cost, manufacturer, warranty
Write backend service/ query to retrieve based on the selected filter

Maintain Devices Page:
Create textbox for devices attributes as per design
Have a dropdown box to choose whether we are creating a device or editing an existing one or deleting one. If edit is selected, an additional text field is created to specify the deviceID and also for delete.
Create an appropriate button to carry out the create/ edit/ delete functionality. If edit is selected, the program finds the instance in the database and updates all attributes, if new is selected, add the instance to the database. Program checks for validity of values in the textfield. If delete is selected then the device is deleted upon verification for any dangling references

Budget Report Page:
Create the page as per design with the text fields of start date and last date and a find button
Write backend services/ query to find the total budget required for the mentioned date duration. This needs us to join electronic equipment, service contract and maintenance request and events table.
